# Answer the following questions for Zillow assignment
1. Which models did you try, and how did they compare? If you only tried 
one model, why did you choose this model?
	- I used a neural network that was specific to regresion tasks. I selected the 
	MLP Regressor from sklearn for this task. It was easier to train than the xgboost 
	regressor that I tried and seemed to perform relatively well. I chose this model as 
	it was recommended when I searched "neural network regression algorithms."

2. Choose three numeric fields and examine the distribution of those 
fields. Based on your observations, what kind of distribution did you 
find, and what steps would you take, if any, to prepare the data in 
those fields?
	- I examined the 'bedroomcnt', 'bathroomcnt', and 'calculatedfinishedsquarefeet' fields
	using a histogram. I observed that the bedroom and bathroom count seemed to look a little
	gaussian with a small skew towards the left. I would probably impute these values as the median
	for most houses that don't have values for this field unless I were to predict how many they
	had based on the squarefeet of the property. For the finished square feet field, I found this
	heavily skewed left, but looked rather gaussian when outliers on the high end were removed. I would
	try to impute the median or average of the gaussian looking data for properties that do not
	have this value reported, unless I could draw a better estimate of the square feet from
	other features.

3. What was your final score, and what steps would you attribute to 
improving your score during data preparation, model selection, or 
parameter tuning?
	- My final Mean Absolute Error was around 0.6689. I think I could improve this value if I took
	more time cleaning and imputing data as I spent a decent amount of time during hyperparameter 
	tuning. I only used about 26 features as I dropped columns with lots of nan values so if I
	did well imputing them, I could probably improve this error.


If you used AI assistants such as Copilot & ChapGPT:
- Which AI tools did you use and for what part of the solution?
- Optional: share any reflection on using such tools. For instance, did  
hey contribute to your learning? Were they more helpful than harmful? 
Did you notice any mistakes in their outputs?
	- I did not make use of any AI assistants during this assignment
